Update README.md (#15)
pupil-labs/pupil-invisible-monitor: README.md

</a>

> To run the Pupil Invisible Monitor app smoothly, please note the following: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Pupil Invisible Monitor app, please note the following: 
```

> - The Pupil Invisible Monitor app and the Pupil Invisible Companion devices need to be **connected to the same wifi**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pupil Invisible Monitor app and Pupil Invisible Companion devices need to be connected to the **same WiFi** network. 
```

> - **Public wifis** often block the required communication protocols, so typically they can not be used. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Public WiFi** networks often block the required communication protocols and typically they can **not** be used. 
```

- Some **anti-virus programs** may block the required communication protocols by default. 

> - For best quality we recommend using a **dedicated wifi router**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We recommend using a **dedicated wifi router** for low latency and ease of use.
```
